Overview
Homework #4
Submitted March 28, 2011
Graham Schmidt
Harvard ID: 30825489

Description:
This program assignment was to create the Account class (to hold a balance) and to implement the ATMImplementation class (which handled the logic to deposit, withdraw and show the balance on an account). I wrote a junit Test class for each class which used assertEquals to determine if the class was working correctly. I was able to compile these and run them in my IDE (Intellijdea).

I've include the following jar files in 'lib' folder in order to make this project work:
ant-junit.jar
junit-4.1.jar
log4j-1.2.16.jar


Assumptions
- If not port is specified as an argument when running the Server, the default port is 1099
- My JUnit test cases compiled fine in my IDE, but I could not get them to work using ant. I tried numerous attempts to get them to work, even using logger, but regardless what I would I do, I'd always get a java.lang.ClassNotFoundException…VERY FRUSTRATING!!! Please help.
- I can easily modify the build.xml for either jar file (client/server) based on the ant targets. These include changing the source directory, the class output directory, the jar output directory, deleting the compiled classes (clean), and running my default class.
- when running ant for the server files, the default is to not run the server application as it pause and wait for a client to connect, so just type 'ant clean-build' to build it without compiling
- to run the junit testing, type 'ant junit'
- to clean the file, type 'ant clean'


Execution:
To build the program using ant, you must build two separate jar files.
1. Go to hw4server directory
2. Type 'ant clean' to remove any previous builds.
3. Type 'ant clean-build' (this will build a clean version, create an executable jar, and copy the classes to a separate folder)
4. To run the program, navigate to the build/jar directory and type
java -jar hw4Server.jar 7777
5. To test the junit files, navigate to build/jar directory and type
java -classpath hw4Server.jar cscie160.hw4.AccountTest
java -classpath hw4Server.jar cscie160.hw4.ATMImplementationTest
6. Navigate to the home directory and type 'ant junit' to run junit tests.
  *I had problems getting my junit tests to compile using ant. I did get the reporting to work though, but the error in the report files was always 'java.lang.ClassNotFoundException'. No matter what I did in ant to try and re-run the junta, or to my system environment, things did not work.
7. To convert the junit reports from XML to HTML, in the home directory type 'ant junitreport'
8. To generate the javadoc, type 'ant javadoc'

In another terminal, build the client jar file using ant.
1. Go to hw4client directory
2. Type 'ant clean' to remove any previous builds.
3. Type 'ant clean-build' (this will build a clean version, create an executable jar, and copy the classes to a separate folder)
4. Before running the client, make sure to start the server. Run the client by navigating to the build/jar directory and type
java -jar hw4Client.jar localhost 7777
5. To test the junit test for ATMProxy, first start the server on port 7777. Then navigate to the build/jar directory and type
java -classpath hw4Client.jar cscie160.hw4.ATMProxyTest
6. Navigate back to the home directory and type 'ant junit' to run junit tests.
  *I had problems getting my junit tests to compile using ant. I did get the reporting to work though, but the error in the report files was always 'java.lang.ClassNotFoundException'. No matter what I did in ant to try and re-run the junta, or to my system environment, things did not work.
7. To convert the junit reports from XML to HTML, in the home directory type 'ant junitreport'
8. To generate the javadoc, type 'ant javadoc'

Sampe Output
View a sample output from my terminals in the output-server.txt and output-client.txt files
